[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: Let's see,
are there any last questions that I
haven't answered about this exercise?
Yeah
>> Speaker 2: Not about this exercise,
more in general, testing.
>> Kyle: Testing.
Yeah, obviously that was way outside
of the scope of things that I
wanted to do here.
But I do typically write
a smaller subset of unit tests.
And what I would look at in
a shared environment like this
is the stuff that I wanna unit
test is the stuff that's shared.
Because that's the stuff that I know
can run agnostic of its environment.
So that validator rule for example,
that's a really easy thing to unit test.
Cuz I know I can just stuff
a bunch of data in it and
I'm asserting that I'm gonna
get the right answers out.
So, I typically, again, I know that
a lot of people have their different
opinions on what test frameworks
they like or whatever.
There's a real simple one that's
still powerful enough for
most of what I use, and that's QUnit.
And I use QUnit to do my basic assertions
of little unit tests like that.
Most of the time, I don't even
need the asynchronous capability.
If I need an asynchronous test, Mocha
is another suite that's maybe a little
bit better at doing asynchronous testing.
But I don't go to the real extreme
routes that other people do,
there's a lot of great
testing frameworks out there.
But I'll do a QUnit for
a basic set of unit tests.
And then I will do regression tests for
my integration in my browser.
And that'll test all the other paths,
kinda the full package all together.
Again, minimal, I start with no test and
work until I have confidence on it.
Instead of assuming that I need to
write lots and lots and lots and
lots of tests.
>> Kyle: Okay,
I'll just leave you with this.
JavaScript's really awesome but
it's even more awesome when
you can use it in both places.
And I hope that what you got out
of this last bit of our talk
together is that once you get
confident with all of JavaScript.
Once you spent a little bit of effort
learning things like coercion and
the other parts of JavaScript.
It's a really easy thing to write
a basic Node server that does
the things you need it to do.
You don't actually need to spend
a lot of time being an expert.
I am in no way, shape,
or form a Node expert.
On the whole scope of things,
I'm not actually that high on the ladder
scale in terms of my Node skills.
I'm competent but I'm certainly not some
kind of crazy hacker expert or whatever.
But I know enough about JavaScript that
I can get done what I need to get done.
And that I hope is the biggest message
take away here, learn JavaScript and
use all of JavaScript and use
JavaScript across your whole app, Okay?
Thanks for being here,
it was an honor to be here.
One last quick thing just to
remind everyone that this is my
contact information.
And I'll just leave you with that to say,
is there a question I missed?
Which direction would you
go if you were to scale up?
I assume the question means if I
needed something more framework-ish,
which direction would I go?
The next step up is I'd move to Express or
maybe KOA.
>> Kyle: So I'm not sure if that
was exactly the question.
>> Speaker 3: The other question was,
can you share this code that-
>> Kyle: Yeah, absolutely,
the current state of things as I just
wrote it, that'll be part of a zip file.
I'll send out a zip file that has
the corrected stuff that I messed up
plus this new stuff.
So that'll be sent out, so
you'll have this copy of this code.
It'll also probably end up
on GitHub pretty quick but
I'll send a zip file to you so
you have it right away.
Okay, well,
what I was saying on this last slide,
as an open ended invitation to anyone that
ever takes one of my workshops I mean
it when I say that it's impossible for
you to have completely, fully uncompressed
everything that we talked about today.
There's a lot to go through.
So I encourage you not let this be the
last moment that you ever look at these
exercises or look at the slides.
Go back over them,
go back over your notes,
try the exercise stuff that
we did from scratch, try it.
And you may need to try it a few times and
it's quite likely that you're going
to run into some problem or frustration or
question or something that we missed.
So I want to invite you to
feel free to reach out and
ask questions from here on out.
There's lots of different ways to
get ahold of me, Ttweet at me,
send me an email, whatever.
All the time, I get emails from
former attendees of workshops and
I love helping people.
So if there's anything that I can do
more than I've already done to help
increase your awareness,
your learning of JavaScript, and
your appreciation of this platform,
feel free to let me know.
It's been an honor being here,
thanks for all your time and attention.